Added new kb article modify-listpicker-rounded-corners-toggle-button (#1141)
telerik/maui-docs: knowledge-base/modify-listpicker-rounded-corners-toggle-button.md

---
title: Modifying ListPicker with Rounded Corners and Toggle Button Indicators
description: Learn how to modify the ListPicker control in .NET MAUI to include rounded corners and toggle button indicators for dropdown functionality.
type: how-to
page_title: Styling ListPicker with Rounded Corners and Dropdown Indicators in .NET MAUI
slug: modify-listpicker-rounded-corners-toggle-button
tags: listpicker, .net maui, styling, borders, togglebutton, dropdown
res_type: kb
---

## Environment

| Version | Product | Author | 
| --- | --- | ---- | 
| 10.1.0 | Telerik UI for .NET MAUI ListPicker | [Dobrinka Yordanova](https://www.telerik.com/blogs/author/dobrinka-yordanova) | 

## Description

I want to customize the ListPicker control in .NET MAUI to display rounded corners and dropdown indicators with up and down arrows depending on whether the control is open or closed.

This knowledge base article also answers the following questions:
- How to add borders to ListPicker in .NET MAUI?
- How to create toggle button styles for ListPicker?
- How to show dropdown indicators in ListPicker?

## Solution

> To style the ListPicker with rounded corners and toggle button indicators, follow the steps below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The solution suggested below demonstrates how to style the ListPicker with rounded corners and toggle button indicators.
```
